let me try to show you a couple rhythms
here Latin rhythms first one is the
called begin so now I'm taking a C major
seven index is barring all the strings
at the third fret and my third finger is
getting the fourth string fifth fret my
second finger is getting the third
string fourth fret my pinky's getting
the second string fifth fret and I'm
hitting the Pfister my thumb and going
an index middle ring is on the fourth
third second strings or 1/5
if those twice and then I go to the
sixth string
[Music]
this is back and forth
can I go to a c-major six which my
second finger gets a fifth string third
fret my index bars the fourth and third
string of the second fret pinky stays
what was that
so the fist frankbooth same rhythm this
time I take my second favor get the
sixth ranked third fret there they're
alternating
[Music]
C major seven gun then I go to a D minor
seven third fingers on the fifth string
fifth fret and my index is buying the
fourth third second finger third fret my
pinkie gets the third string in the
fifth fret this time I'm just going to
stay on that a fifth string I'm doing
that same rhythm going to go then I
borrow string to the third fret and have
my second finger on the third string
fourth fret that's a g7 chord instead of
the whole point you just do a partial
chord
I've hit in the 6th string and had these
three strings again for third and second
so d minor 7 g7
[Music]
I'm going to want you to each one let me
see what's C major seven signature six
major six D minor 7 yeah so C major
seven C major six do that twice and this
one minor 7 g7 D minor 7 or 7:30 so now
the other one I'm going to do is a
tangle rhythm and that keeps going and
it was sunny out so visit to cloudy this
one I take a D minor chord at the 5th
fret index bar on all the strings at the
5th fret my 3rd finger gets the 4th
string 7th fret pinky gets 3:13 7th fret
and my 2nd finger gets thus the 2nd
string 6 fret and then understood 1 2 3
4 1 2 3 and a half up to an a7 which I'm
still barring all of them at the fifth
fret third finger gets the fishtank 7th
fret and the 2nd finger gets third
string 6 fret and I go back to D minor
I go to D major
first finger is getting the fish string
fifth fret and the 3rd fingers getting
the 3rd 2nd the 4th 3rd and 2nd string
at the 7th baton there then 2 G minor
barring all them with my index at the
3rd fret and then my third finger gets
the string all right thanks